[Feature] Baseline implementation of Vue UI framework (#36)
apache/incubator-paimon-webui: paimon-web-ui-new/README.md

# paimon-web-ui-new

> This template should help get you started developing with Vue 3 in Vite.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This UI starts from Vue 3 in Vite.
```

> ## Recommended IDE Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## IDE Setup
```

[VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) + [Volar](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.volar) (and disable Vetur) + [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin).

## Type Support for `.vue` Imports in TS

TypeScript cannot handle type information for `.vue` imports by default, so we replace the `tsc` CLI with `vue-tsc` for type checking. In editors, we need [TypeScript Vue Plugin (Volar)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Vue.vscode-typescript-vue-plugin) to make the TypeScript language service aware of `.vue` types.

If the standalone TypeScript plugin doesn't feel fast enough to you, Volar has also implemented a [Take Over Mode](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471#discussioncomment-1361669) that is more performant. You can enable it by the following steps:

> 1. Disable the built-in TypeScript Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Disables the built-in TypeScript extension.
```

    1) Run `Extensions: Show Built-in Extensions` from VSCode's command palette

>     2) Find `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. Finds `TypeScript and JavaScript Language Features`, right click and select `Disable (Workspace)`.
```

2. Reload the VSCode window by running `Developer: Reload Window` from the command palette.

## Customize configuration

See [Vite Configuration Reference](https://vitejs.dev/config/).

## Project Setup

```sh
pnpm install
```

### Compile and Hot-Reload for Development

```sh
pnpm dev
```

### Type-Check, Compile and Minify for Production

```sh
pnpm build
```

### Lint with [ESLint](https://eslint.org/)

```sh
pnpm lint

> ```

Reviewer: Add license detail like [README.md](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-booster-ui/blob/56a02293cfd3b62eb46d749895ff628f1830b116/README.md).
